c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.winmd
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.winmdobj
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.compile.pdb
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.winmd
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.pdb
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.pri
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsPcl.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsUap.dll
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10.pdb
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10.pri
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.xml
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsPcl.pdb
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsUap.pdb
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsUap.pri
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.pdb
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ugi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.winmd
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.pdb
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.pri
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsPcl.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsUap.dll
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10.pdb
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\AdjustUAP10.pri
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.xml
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsPcl.pdb
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsUap.pdb
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\bin\Debug\WindowsUap.pri
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.winmd
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.pdb
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.winmdobj
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\AdjustUAP10WinRT.compile.pdb
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\GitHub\cocos2dx_sdk\Windows\AdjustUAP10WinRT\AdjustUAP10WinRT\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
